# HTML-Challenge

# Part 1: Scrape Titles and Preview Text from Mars News
  To be able to run the news site I used a Chrome Driver and then established Chrome as my browser to run the URL.  After that was established I made my BeautifulSoup Variable to be able to parse through the data on the website. To store each title-and-preview I used a for loop to go through an empty dictionary and fill it in as the loop found the information.  In the beginning of the loop I am looking for all the informaition under list_text.  Once it finds something I have another loop that pulls through the immage, the title of the article, the opening line of the article that tells what it is about, and lastly the date is was published. I then had the elements found from the loop put into the empty dictionary and print that out to see. AFter I had dictionary with elements I imported the date into a JSON file by using a with open, as a json file, and then dumping the dictionary into the json file.  At the end I made sure to quit the browser.
  
# Part 2: Scrape and Analyze Mars Weather Data
  I started part 2 the same way as part 1 with running the chrome driver, url, and BeautifulSoup.  I then created classes for each table and row to the tbale and data-row in the HTML. After that I created an empty list to be able to feed my elements into and went through a loop to find it just like in part 1. After I had all my elements into my list I converted the data into a DataFrame and names all my columns accoridngly to label the data correctly instead of jsut having numbered columns.  After I created the DataFrame I checked to see what data type each column was created as.  In order to change the data types in the DataFrame to what they should be I used an atype method and then listed out each column with its corresponding data type.  I then rechecked the datatypes to make sure they were actually changed to the correct type.  Now I started to look at the data by first looking at how many months there are on mars by using .value_counts, and using a sort_index to have it sort in the order imported instead of by actual number of months. I then found out how many Martian Days' worht of data by printing the length of the unique items in the "sol" column which represented martian days. To find the average low temperature by month I used a groupby to group each month and aggregate the mean of every min temp in each month so it would calculate and print it out all in one column. I used that data to make a bar chart to show each months average temperature to see how much it went up and down throughout the year.  I then sorted the data to see which months were the coldest and which were the warmest in order of temp instead of month. To find the average pressure by Martian month I used the same groupby method but aggregated the mean of pressure for each month instead.  I made another bar chart showing the average pressure by month throughout the year in order of the months.  I then combined the data of the martian days and min temp to find out how the temperature fluctuated through the year to see how quickly the patern changed.  To end it I saved the data into a CSV, and named it, kept the header, removed the index and then established the date format for the CSV.
